In this section, we're going to highlight
one last really cool thing that we can do with Webbpack.
We're going to add service workers.
Service workers is a piece of JavaScript that runs between our app and the Internet,
and runs in the background to allow us to do some really cool things
like push notifications or even offline content.
You'll often hear about service workers,
talked about in the same circles as progressive web apps.
Progressive web apps are essentially websites that can feel more like a mobile phone app.
Now, as an introduction to
all the really cool things that you can do with service workers,
we're going to take the app we've built and use
service workers to make our content available offline.
You can use service workers without Webbpack,
but Webbpack makes it wonderfully easy,
and I'm sure you'll see how.